docs(drawer): div with [vaul-drawer-wrapper] is missing (#2403)
shadcn-ui/ui: apps/www/content/docs/components/drawer.mdx

</TabsList>
<TabsContent value="cli">

<Steps>

<Step>Run the following command:</Step>

```bash
npx shadcn-ui@latest add drawer
```

<Step>Add `[vaul-drawer-wrapper]` data attribute</Step>

> If you want to scale the background when the drawer is open i.e `shouldScaleBackground`, add `vaul-drawer-wrapper=""` to the background/root element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to apply the background scaling effect when the drawer is open, (using `shouldScaleBackground`) add `vaul-drawer-wrapper=""` to the background/root element.
```
